feat: add `EventName` for better event handling errors & unify SytemEvent ID derivation (#2150) (#2287)
0xMiden/miden-vm: CHANGELOG.md

- [BREAKING] Add precompile requests to proof ([#2187](https://github.com/0xMiden/miden-vm/issues/2187)).
- `after_exit` decorators execute in the correct sequence in External nodes in the Fast processor ([#2247](https://github.com/0xMiden/miden-vm/pull/2247)).
- Remove O(n log m) iteration in parallel processor (#[2273](https://github.com/0xMiden/miden-vm/pull/2273)).

> - [BREAKING] `BaseHost` now exposes `resolve_event` so hosts can provide event names for diagnostics. Support `NamedEvent` ([#2150](https://github.com/0xMiden/miden-vm/issues/2150)).

Author: ```suggestion
- [BREAKING] `BaseHost` now exposes `resolve_event` so hosts can provide event names for diagnostics. Unify `SystemEvent` ID derivation ([#2150](https://github.com/0xMiden/miden-vm/issues/2150)).
```
